it's a fast then let's really are weird
here for bank robbery
how much way million dollars the money's
in the wall in this flophouse in the
basement that's on the path to a frat
house what are we gonna do we're broke
I'm gonna get him by joining the
fraternity is your pledge master I'm
about to see who has what it takes to
show toothbrush want to see the cave of
treasures oh it's got the tongue scraper
what happens now I just need you to keep
them busy while I look for the money I'm
not him
you want me to [ __ ] run you ladies
know our residents expert this first
move possum by a very special woman
thanks mom
you guys know what racist parties they
had last year no fly list I've been
working on the railroad but they want
you to build a wall outside right
outside the friend there like he doesn't
even speak English I'm like he does
speak English right okay
looking for an african-american
gentleman skin tone is sort of right in
between you in the front and you in the
back
[Music]
where's my son focus I'm getting up in
that [ __ ] oh well you can talk about is
what came out of it come on with the
momma stuff man yeah there's like a
bunch of dicks on your face like a bun
there's a lot of them
[Music]